Kafka Scaling Doc update (#363)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/1.4/scalers/apache-kafka.md

go_file = "kafka_scaler"
+++

> **Notice:** 

> > - No of replicas will not exceed the number of partitions on a topic. That is, if maxReplicaCount is set more than number of partition, the scaler won't scale upto target maxReplicaCount. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - No of replicas will not exceed the number of partitions on a topic. That is, if `maxReplicaCount` is set more than number of partition, the scaler won't scale up to target maxReplicaCount. 
```

> > - This is so because if there are more number of consumers than the number of partitions in a topic, then extra consumer will have to sit ideal.

Reviewer: Did you mean idle here?
```suggestion
> - This is so because if there are more number of consumers than the number of partitions in a topic, then extra consumer will have to sit idle.
```

Author: @tomkerkhove  oh yes, it should be `idle`. sorry for that.
